
 Release Notes for BYU EDIF Tools
 
Proton Release - Version 0.5.1 (9 July 2009)

This is a maintenance release for "proton." A few important issues were
discovered and resolved over the past few weeks, making this release
necessary. Some experimental code used for voter insertion research has
also been included (4 new cutset algorithms and a voter recovery distance
analyzer).

Proton Release - Version 0.5.0 (20 May 2009)

This release has involved a large amount of refactoring and a restructuring
of the replication toolflow. The replication process in now much more modular,
allowing for quick creation of new research tools. Several bugs have been fixed
and new features have been added. Most notably, mixed replication types, TMR
voters, and pre-mitigated components are all new to this release.


Electron Release - Version 0.4.1 (1 Dec 2008)

This is a maintenance release of "electron". There have been a few minor bug
fixes and new features, most notably including a new LUT RAM/SRL replacer, and 
better handling of DCMs.


Electron Release - Version 0.4.0 (30 May 2008)

This is the official "electron" release. This release is a slightly more
polished version than the electron pre-release in April. The API is slightly
different than the pre-release due to some source re-organization. The 
functionality is mostly identical.

Please see the previous release notes for more information.


Electron Pre-Release (16 April 2008)

To whom it may concern:

The BYU Configurable Computing Lab is please to announce the public
release of the BYU EDIF Tools open source project!  This project
provides an API for manipulating EDIF netlists in Java. We use this
API to analyze netlists as a part of our FPGA reliability project. We
intend to keep the API as general as possible to support other netlist
analysis and manipulation activities.

http://sourceforge.net/projects/byuediftools/

This is a pre-release of the first major public release named "electron".
For a brief orientation on BYU EDIF Tools, please see the project's 
public website:

http://reliability.ee.byu.edu/edif/

For instructions to checkout the latest code from SVN, please read the
following page:

http://sourceforge.net/svn/?group_id=217664

Feel free to submit modifications to our group.  We will happily
integrate any improvements to the code.  We welcome developers to
contribute to the project.

Regards,

James F. Carroll

Research Assistant
BYU Configurable Computing Lab
http://reliability.ee.byu.edu/

 $Id$
